Did I say it wrong?
Miss Tang was originally the wife given to Li by the old man.
It's just a small kill after being frightened by chance.
No matter whether it is true or not,
You are married. no,
Small gun, stop talking, I don’t have a small gun,
No matter, you and the big liar,
Little gun, I still don’t believe it,
This time, I won’t let you get married,
If you two can't get along, I'll ask my father-in-law when he sees me.
I won’t be a reporter without you two, Xiaoqiang,
small gun, small gun,
little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny
little little little little